Hey guys so I'm back in the video here because there's a bit of a change in the course.
Now we have finished basically the main content of this blend of course the human hit is done.
Yeah.
But when this course was born it was born over on Kickstarter and we made some additional promises.
Now we didn't say they would all be in this cause but we did say we would cover decimation and destruction
and VFX.
This section is all about defamation and destruction I mean giving it to you all of these all you guys
for free.
So Mikey wills the section getting involved well as well as informed with the title we're going to start
blowing some stuff up seeing how we can actually actually destroy meshes breaking them apart.
That's great for things eroding like a sand statue or even literally just blowing something apart.
We'd be playing with forcefield to sort of get objects attracting and bouncing off of one another.
And also when it comes to defamation Now that's bending stuff obviously and things impacting indenting
in crumpling.
Great exciting things to do.
But computationally heavy but we'll get there.
So Lulu So that brings a whole new dimension to your blender because up to now things have been a little
bit either static or animated by hand by you.
Now you're letting the physics engine take over and come up with some really interesting things.
So that's correct of course.
I'll see you in there.